DOC-7643: Document how to manage teams via the System Console (#7651)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/user-management-configuration-settings.rst

 <p class="mm-label-note">Also available in legacy Mattermost Enterprise Edition E20</p>

Find Teams
~~~~~~~~~~

You can find existing teams in your Mattermost instance using the System Console.

1. Go to **System Console > User Management > Teams** to access all available teams.
2. Enter the team name in the **Search** box.

.. image:: ../images/find-teams.png
  :alt: Find a Mattermost team using the System Console.

.. tip::

>   From Mattermost v9.6, you can:
> 
>   - Search for specific teams by entering a partial or full team name in the **Search** field and pressing :kbd:`Enter`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  From Mattermost v9.6, you can search for specific teams by entering a partial or full team name in the **Search** field and pressing :kbd:`Enter`.
```

Filter team searches
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Filter your team search to narrow down results based on the team management type (anyone can join, invite only or group sync).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter your team search to narrow down results based on the team management type (anyone can join, invite only, or group sync).
```

1. Go to **System Console > User Management > Teams** to access all available teams.
2. Select **Filters** located to the right of the **Search** field to access available filter options.
3. Choose any filter and select **Apply** to filter team search results.

.. image:: ../images/team-search-filters.png
  :alt: Filter the teams based on team membership types using the System Console.

Review team configuration
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

View team configuration details using the System Console. Gather information including the team name, team description, team management options, groups, and members.

1. Go to **System Console > User Management > Teams** to access all available teams.
2. Select the team from the list to view its configuration page.

.. image:: ../images/team-configuration-details.png
  :alt: Review team configuration details using the System Console

Manage team membership
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Admins can directly add or remove member from the team. They can also customize how members are added to the team using the System Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Admins can directly add or remove member from the team and customize how members are added to the team using the System Console.
```
